# SOEN341_ProjectB
The major subunits of the cross-assembler are as the lexer, which tokenizes items read by the file reader, and the parser which analyzes the sequence of tokens. The program performs its intended function of traversing an assembly file and generating an executable file and a listing file as the output. It also stores encountered errors in an error reporter and displays their cause and position. This project was built using the Agile Scrum technique; where our team has held frequent scrum meetings to design, implement, and review code. Moreover, the design of this project was test-driven, using unit-testing, integration testing, and regression testing to deliver functioning outputs for every sprint. 
In order to execute this functionality, this code stores each line in a line statement and parses it individually. All line statements are then pushed in a sequence of line statements which form the assembly unit of IRs to be processed by the cross-assembler. All instructions are stored as nodes to form a data structure; where it is then possible to enter and lookup nodes. Furthermore, our code implements an important position object, which keeps track of the line and column number; this supports the reader in traversing the assembly file, as well as helps error reporter detect the place of the error. This allows error messages to contain the exact position of the error occurrence, helping the user fix the mistake. The assembler is able to scan various elements, such as number, comment, directive, and string. This is done by using lexical analysis which returns the appropriate toke, allowing the right handling to occur in both the lexer and the parser. Moreover, the lexer is able to detect illegal characters, and alerts the error reporter to record the error. After the tokens are passed to the parser, they are analyzed further for errors, and the proper algorithms take place if none are recorded.
